chore: add lab project for CSS grid in frontend cert (#480)
freeCodeCamp/CurriculumExpansion: frontend-cert/css-projects/css-grid/user-stories.md

1. You should have a `main` element with the class `magazine-cover`.
1. Your `.magazine-cover` should contain a `header` element for the title and `section` elements for each article and the cover image.

> 1. Set the display property of the `.magazine-cover` to `grid.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. You should set the display property of the `.magazine-cover` to `grid.`
```
Just for consistency.

1. The `.magazine-cover` should define a grid layout with the following structure:
   - The title spanning the top row.
   - Two feature articles and a cover image in the second row.
   - Two small articles and the cover image in the third row.

> 1. The `.magazine-cover` should have a `grid-template-columns` property divided into three parts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The `.magazine-cover` should have a `grid-template-columns` property that divides the space into three equal parts.
```

> 1. The `.magazine-cover` should have a `grid-template-rows` property of auto for the first row and equal heights for the remaining two rows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The `.magazine-cover` should have a `grid-template-rows` property. It should be set to `auto` for the first row, and divide equally the space occupied by the remaining two rows.
```

> 1. Add a gap between grid items and set the width of the .magazine-cover to occupy most of the viewport width.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. You should add a gap between grid items and set the width of the .magazine-cover to occupy most of the viewport width.
```

1. You should have a `div` element with the class `magazine-cover`.
1. Your `.magazine-cover` should have five `div` elements nested inside it.
1. Each nested `div` should have the classes `title`, `feature-article`, `small-article1`, `small-article2`, and `cover-image`.
1. The `.magazine-cover` should have a display property of `grid`.
1. The `.magazine-cover` should have a `grid-template-areas` property of:
   ```
   "title title title"
   "feature-article feature-article cover-image"
   "small-article1 small-article2 cover-image"
   ```
1. The `.magazine-cover` should have a `grid-template-columns` property divided into three parts.
1. The `.magazine-cover` should have a `grid-template-rows` property of auto for the first row and equal heights for the remaining two rows.
1. Add a `gap` of `10px` and a `width` of `80%` to the `.magazine-cover`.

> 1. Set the background color of the `.magazine-cover` to `#fff`.

Reviewer 2: I think we could get rid of this user story. It doesn't really have anything to do with grid - users can set or not set the color if they want.

1. All the nested `div` elements should have a `grid-area` property that corresponds to the class name.
1. Add a `padding` of `10px` to all the nested `div` elements classes.
1. To all the nested `div` elements classes, add a background color of `#1B1B32`, `#f9f9f9`, `#e9e9e9` and `#ddd` respectively.
1. The `.title` class should have white text color and center-aligned text.
1. The `cover-image` class should have a `display` property of `flex`, a `justify-content` property of `center`, and an `align-items` property of `center`.

> 1. Add a `max-width` of `100%` and a height of `auto` to the `cover-image img` element.

Reviewer 2: Can all these go?
